### Introduction
SIG.com (http://sig.com) was my first project which I was assigned while working at Susquehanna International Group during my first Co-Op.  The project involved working with a team of other developers, a Project Manager, the Marketing department, and the HR Department at SIG.  During the project, I was exposed to a lot of proper requirements elicitation, something which I hadn’t been exposed to previously beyond class

The website was written in C# ASP.NET WebForms, which was a technology which I had never used before.  After just a week or two of playing around and getting used to the language and framework, I was already heavily involved in the development process.  My previous experience with CSS and HTML made me a useful resource in helping to move the project ahead in a timely fashion.

### Object-Orientation
One of the ideas which I brought to the project which helped to make the development process more efficient was the idea of object-oriented web development.  In case you are not familiar with ASP.NET WebForms, it utilizes something called “Master Pages” which are essentially templates for a given page which holds various “content areas” which you can fill in on a more granular level.  Instead of having one “Master Page” which every page derived from, I thought of using Master Pages and Sub-Master Pages as Base Classes and Sub Classes, allowing each page in a given section to derive from a “Section Master Page.” This allowed each page to be made in a much quicker manner, and allowed changes to a section or the whole site to easily ripple through each page, creating loose coupling between sections and their pages.

### Responsive Design
One other large initiative of the project was making the website mobile-friendly using responsive design - that is, as you resize your window, make the content adjust itself to continue to display in a readable way.  Since we needed to make sure the website was compatible all the way down to IE7, this became a challenge since IE7 did not support the standard CSS Media-Queries method of responsive design.  This challenged me to be creative, and I came up with a solution using jQuery.  While this method may not be quite as efficient as CSS Media-Queries, it allowed for much greater manipulation of the DOM (i.e: The content on the web page).  My custom jQuery code would detect when the screen was resized, and when a certain “breakpoint” was hit, the code would call any necessary methods to change the page to the desired layout.  This is one of the only places which I have seen this method used to implement responsive design on such a large scale.

#### Disclaimer
I do not own any of the rights to SIG.com.  All rights to photos and code is reserved to Susquehanna International Group, LLP.
